JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH:
Kalos League battle heat!
MALVA:
Malva here. Reporting live.
The Kalos League is under way,
and we're well
into the battle action!
MALVA: Now, let's all
take a look
at a summary of our
battles up to this point.
MALVA: In the first bout,
the action was between
Trevor and his Mega Charizard,
facing off against
Alain and his Mega Charizard!
Next, there was a riveting
appearance by Ash's Greninja!
MALVA: But, without a doubt,
the highlight of this tournament
has got to be the Mega‐Evolved
Pokémon competing here!
Pokémon such as
Astrid's Mega Absol
and Remo's Mega Garchomp
are bringing a level of mega
excitement to the Kalos League
unlike anything
we've seen before!
MALVA: I can hardly wait
for more battle action to come!
And, I'm sure you
feel the same way!
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
ASTRID: Now, Absol, Psycho Cut!
MEGA ABSOL: [PSYCHO CUT MOVE]
ASH: Hawlucha, Flying Press!
HAWLUCHA: [FLYING PRESS MOVE]
MEGA ABSOL: [COLLAPSING]
ASTRID: Absol, no!
ANNOUNCER:
Absol is unable to battle!
Which means Ash is the winner!
ASH: Yeah!
ANNOUNCER: Following his
victory against Astrid,
Ash will be moving
on to the semifinals!
SAWYER: Ash!
ASH: Hey Sawyer!
SAWYER:
The semifinals! Congratulations!
ASH:
Thanks. You're up soon, Sawyer!
SAWYER:
That's right. And I'll win!
Ash? Remember what you said?
ASH: We'll battle
at the Kalos League!
I'm gonna break
my losing streak.
ASH: And then you and
I will even the score.
SAWYER: Yeah. You're on, Ash!
SAWYER: That's why I'll win!
ASH: Yeah!
But Tierno's really strong!
SAWYER:
Tierno's your friend, isn't he?
ASH: That's right...
SAWYER: Watching his
first and second battles,
I know I need to be careful
against Tierno's
rhythmic battling style.
SAWYER: I'll mess with
his rhythm, that's all!
ASH: Yeah, that's the spirit!
SAWYER: So I'll be as
prepared as I can be.
I also have a
secret weapon all set.
ASH: A secret weapon?
SAWYER: Super‐secret!
SAWYER: See you soon!
ASH: Ok, good luck!
SAWYER: So Ash made
it to the next round.
I can't lose until
I've kept my promise!
MALVA:
Okay, over here, over here!
Time for another interview!
MEOWTH: All these interviews...
Why do we always
have to run around here
like there's no tomorrow?
JESSIE: I agree.
We don't get a second to steal
even one of the pickable Pokémon
here at the Kalos League...
JAMES: Steal them? But how?!
We can't even figure out
which ones are worth the time!
MEOWTH: Even Pikachu's
right under our noses.
MEOWTH: This dude needs a nap!
ANNOUNCER: Remo's the winner!
ANNOUNCER:
We now have three competitors
qualified for the semifinals!
Which means there's
just one slot left!
SHAUNA: Hi!
SHAUNA: Did I make it?
SERENA: Shauna!
TREVOR: Yeah, you just did.
Tierno's battle
is about to start!
SHAUNA: That's a relief.
Nice to see you, Serena.
How've you been?
SERENA: I'm great.
Looks like you're
doing well too.
SHAUNA: I feel great! How's Ash?
SERENA: He's moving
on to the semifinals.
ASH: Hey, it's Shauna!
SHAUNA: Hi, Ash!
I hear you're moving on
to the semifinals,
‐right?
‐ASH: Yeah!
SHAUNA:
Who's Tierno battling against?
TREVOR: He's battling
a Trainer named Sawyer.
ASH: Sawyer's pretty strong.
I even lost to him one time.
SHAUNA: He's that strong?
CLEMONT: Not only is he strong,
he's an impressive analyst.
SHAUNA: Sounds like it's
gonna be a tough battle...
ANNOUNCER: And for our last
battle before the semifinals?
ANNOUNCER:
It's Tierno vs. Sawyer!
ANNOUNCER: And here's where
our competitors will be
battling it out.
A wasteland field!
REFEREE: Now for your Pokémon!
SAWYER: Aegislash, let's go!
AEGISLASH: [APPEARING]
ASH: Check it out.
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
POKEDEX: Aegislash.
The Royal Sword Pokémon,
and the evolved
form of Doublade.
Stories say Aegislash
can detect the natural
qualities of leadership,
recognizing a true king.
SERENA:
So, his Doublade evolved then.
ANNOUNCER: And now,
what Pokémon
will Tierno be using?
TIERNO:
Ludicolo! It'stime to dance!
LUDICOLO: [APPEARING] [DANCING]
ANNOUNCER: Feast your eyes on
Ludicolo's masterful dancing!
SHAUNA: Wow, look at them go!
CLEMONT: Tierno and Ludicolo
are in perfect unison!
BONNIE: Lots of luck, Sawyer!
And you too, Tierno!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
SERENA:
I hope they both do well.
REFEREE: Battle begin!
TIERNO: Now, here we go
with our battling BEAT!
TIERNO: Rock it with Rain Dance!
LUDICOLO: [RAIN DANCE MOVE]
SAWYER: Rain Dance, huh?
That means Water‐type
moves will be stronger now.
Completely textbook.
I know what to do.
Aegislash, use Swords Dance!
AEGISLASH: [SWORDS DANCE MOVE]
TIERNO: So they're using Swords
Dance to raise attack power.
CLEMONT: Tierno used Rain Dance
to take advantage of the field,
and then Sawyer
responded brilliantly.
TREVOR: I wonder which
one will come out on top.
SAWYER:
Use Swords Dance once again!
TIERNO: Use Hydro Pump!
LUDICOLO: [HYDRO PUMP MOVE]
SAWYER: It's fast!
SAWYER: Ludicolo's
Ability is Swift Swim.
Rain Dance
increases Water‐type moves,
and Swift Swim boosts Ludicolo's
speed in rainy weather!
SAWYER: Very nice.
TIERNO:
Now! Finish with Hydro Pump!
LUDICOLO: [HYDRO PUMP MOVE]
SAWYER: Use Slash!
AEGISLASH: [SLASH MOVE]
AEGISLASH: [FLIPPING]
SAWYER: Aegislash, you okay?
AEGISLASH: [AFFIRMATIVE]
TIERNO: Yo! Yo! Yo!
Are you giving up, bro?
ANNOUNCER: Aegislash
just can't seem to handle
Ludicolo's power and speed!
SAWYER:
Ludicolo's so fast and strong!
This doesn't look good...
ASH:
Ludicolo's really well trained.
Tierno's worked really hard.
CLEMONT: Rain Dance
was skillfully executed.
I wonder how Sawyer
will deal with all of this.
SAWYER: In that case...
TIERNO:
All right! Hydro Pump again!
LUDICOLO: [HYDRO PUMP MOVE]
SAWYER: All right,
Aegislash, King's Shield!
AEGISLASH: [KING'S SHIELD MOVE]
SERENA:
Aegislash's stance. It changed!
BONNIE: You're right!
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
DEDENNE: [QUESTIONING]
CLEMONT: King's Shield
allows it to change
so it can defend
against attacks.
CLEMONT: Not only that,
it can also lower its
opponent's attack power!
ASH: King's Shield. Whoa.
SAWYER: Time to counterattack!
Aegislash, Sacred Sword!
AEGISLASH: [SACRED SWORD MOVE]
TIERNO: Hydro Pump, go!
LUDICOLO: [HYDRO PUMP MOVE]
AEGISLASH: [SACRED SWORD MOVE]
LUDICOLO: [PAINED]
LUDICOLO: [YELLING]
TIERNO: Oh, no!
SAWYER: All right, Swords Dance!
AEGISLASH: [SWORDS DANCE MOVE]
TIERNO:
Ludicolo, use Solar Beam!
LUDICOLO: [SOLAR BEAM MOVE]
SAWYER:
Use Sacred Sword once more!
LUDICOLO: [SOLAR BEAM MOVE]
LUDICOLO: [EXERTION] [PAINED]
LUDICOLO: [STUNNED]
TIERNO: Ludicolo!
REFEREE:
Ludicolo is unable to battle!
Aegislash is the winner!
ANNOUNCER: It worked!
That Sacred Sword cut right
through Ludicolo's Solar Beam,
giving Aegislash
a great victory!
That puts Sawyer up one‐zero!
TIERNO: Thanks, Ludicolo.
TIERNO: You deserve a good rest.
TIERNO:
Raichu! It's time to dance!
RAICHU: [APPEARING]
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE, ACT
BREAK: "Who's that Pokémon?"
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE: "It's
Aegislash!"
TIERNO:
Now! Raichu, use Charge Beam!
RAICHU: [CHARGE BEAM MOVE]
SAWYER: King's Shield!
AEGISLASH: [KING'S SHIELD MOVE]
TIERNO:
Oh no, that King's Shield again!
SAWYER:
All right, Aegislash, use Slash!
AEGISLASH: [SLASH MOVE]
TIERNO: Quick, use Dig!
RAICHU: [DIG MOVE]
TIERNO: Rocking!
ANNOUNCER: By using Dig,
Tierno's Raichu
managed to dodge that Slash!
SAWYER: Here it comes.
AEGISLASH: [AGREEMENT]
RAICHU: [DIG MOVE]
AEGISLASH: [PAINED]
TIERNO: Yess!
SAWYER: Aegislash!
AEGISLASH: [STUNNED]
ANNOUNCER: Aegislash is unable
to battle! Raichu's the winner!
TIERNO:
Raichu, you ready to rock?
Let's go with that rhythm!
RAICHU: [DANCING]
SAWYER: Thanks a lot,
Aegislash. You take a good rest.
TREVOR: Now it's one‐to‐one.
ASH: They're both
giving it their all.
BONNIE:
This battle is so exciting!
SERENA: I wonder what
Pokémon he'll use now.
JESSIE: Uh, check please?
The last thing I need to
hear is more talking heads!
I'm burnt from
Kalos League battle heat.
I hate that phrase!!
If I hear it just one more time,
I'll scream!
JAMES/MEOWTH: We'll join you.
JAMES: Hold on.
I say we quit this job and work
on pilfering Pokémon full‐time.
JESSIE: You're right!
That's a job worth working for!
MALVA: Hey!
MALVA:
I need you to get back to work!
I can't do my job without you.
Come on!
Kalos League battle heat!
SAWYER: Slurpuff, use Attract!
SLURPUFF: [ATTRACT MOVE]
RAICHU: [SURPRISED]
RAICHU: [ATTRACTED]
TIERNO: No, Raichu!
ANNOUNCER: Look out
Tierno's Raichu has been
struck with a potent Attract!
RAICHU: [ATTRACTED]
TIERNO: Raichu, Charge Beam!
TIERNO: Oh, no!
SAWYER: Energy Ball!
SLURPUFF: [ENERGY BALL MOVE]
RAICHU: [ATTRACTED]
TIERNO: Raichu, no!
TIERNO: All right, return!
ANNOUNCER:
With no choice, Raichu returns!
TIERNO:
Blastoise, now! Let's go!
BLASTOISE: [APPEARING]
SAWYER:
So Blastoise's up next, huh?
Slurpuff, use Attract!
SLURPUFF: [ATTRACT MOVE]
TIERNO: Now, Blastoise,
it's time to dance!
BLASTOISE: [SPINNING]
BLASTOISE: [CHALLENGING]
SAWYER:
I get it. That's not gonna work.
TIERNO: Hey, no surprise here!
We're in the groove!
Attract can't get through!
BLASTOISE: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: What a team.
Tierno and Blastoise.
SERENA: Clemont?
Why isn't that Attract working?
CLEMONT: I'd say it has
something to do
with mental toughness.
Or maybe it's just
because they're both male.
SHAUNA: Maybe so!
TIERNO: Blastoise,
use Hydro Cannon now!
BLASTOISE: [HYDRO CANNON MOVE]
SAWYER:
All right, Slurpuff, dodge it!
SLURPUFF: [PAINED]
SAWYER: No, Slurpuff!
REFEREE:
Slurpuff is unable to battle!
Blastoise is the winner!
TIERNO: Yeah!
BLASTOISE: [DANCING]
SAWYER: Thank you, Slurpuff.
You deserve a good rest.
SAWYER: Just one Pokémon left.
SAWYER:
It's up to you! Go, Sceptile!
SCEPTILE: [APPEARING]
TIERNO: That Sceptile's
got some amazing moves!
Blastoise, let's do it!
Use Ice Beam!
BLASTOISE: [ICE BEAM MOVE]
SAWYER: Leaf Storm, go!
SCEPTILE: [LEAF STORM MOVE]
TIERNO: Awesome.
I love a good challenge!
TIERNO: Hydro Cannon!
BLASTOISE: [HYDRO CANNON MOVE]
SAWYER: Dodge, then Leaf Blade!
SCEPTILE: [LEAF BLADE MOVE]
BLASTOISE: [PAINED]
TIERNO: Blastoise!
BLASTOISE: [IMPRESSED]
TIERNO: That Sceptile's
really fast, all right...
But for power,
Blastoise is top of the charts!
Now, Blastoise, use Skull Bash!
BLASTOISE: [SKULL BASH MOVE]
SAWYER: Sceptile, Frenzy Plant!
SCEPTILE: [FRENZY PLANT MOVE]
BLASTOISE: [PAINED]
TIERNO:
Blastoise, NO! Use Rain Dance!
BLASTOISE: [RAIN DANCE MOVE]
SERENA:
What's that for? Why Rain Dance?
REFEREE:
Blastoise is unable to battle!
Sceptile's the winner!
TIERNO: Thanks, Blastoise.
You gave it your all, buddy.
TIERNO: Your Rain Dance will
set us up for the next round.
TIERNO: Raichu! Let's ROCK!
RAICHU: [APPEARING]
ANNOUNCER: And finally,
Sceptile vs. Raichu!
ASH: If you look at power,
Sceptile's got the edge...
CLEMONT: But... What's going on?
Why did he call for
that Rain Dance at the end?
ANNOUNCER: Who will
move on to the semifinals?
Is it Sawyer? Or is it Tierno?
TIERNO:
Now, Raichu! Use Thunder!
CLEMONT: Of course!
Using Thunder in
the rain never misses!
Its accuracy is a sure thing!
SERENA: Sure thing?
So that's what it's all about!
RAICHU: [CHARGING]
SAWYER: I've battled a lot
and I've gained a whole
bunch of great experience,
and that's my strength!
SAWYER: Sceptile! Mega Evolve!
SCEPTILE: [MEGA EVOLUTION]
M SCEPTILE: [APPEARING]
SERENA: Sceptile Mega Evolved!
ASH: Sawyer's secret weapon!
TIERNO: It Mega Evolved?
All right, then. Use Thunder!
RAICHU: [THUNDER MOVE]
M SCEPTILE: [CHALLENGING]
TIERNO: It didn't work!
ANNOUNCER:
They used Lightning Rod
to defend against
Raichu's big attack!
SAWYER:
When Sceptile Mega Evolves,
its Ability's
called Lightning Rod.
SAWYER:
Thunder won't work on it!
TIERNO: It can't be.
RAICHU: [WORRIED]
SAWYER:
Mega Sceptile, Dragon Claw!
M SCEPTILE: [DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
TIERNO: Focus Blast GO!
RAICHU: [FOCUS BLAST MOVE]
M SCEPTILE: [DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
RAICHU: [SHOCKED]
TIERNO: Oh no, Raichu!
RAICHU: [STUNNED]
REFEREE:
Raichu is unable to battle,
which means the
victory goes to Sawyer!
TIERNO:
I guess that's it for us.
So let's cheer for the winner!
SHAUNA: Oh, Tierno...
CLEMONT:
I'd say Sawyer's sheer passion
overwhelmed Tierno's power.
It seems that's the one thing
that made all the
difference this time around.
SERENA: Yeah. And who knew
that Sceptile could Mega Evolve?
ASH: Sawyer's trained really
hard to be at the Kalos League.
I can't wait for our battle!
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
ANNOUNCER: All the semifinal
slots have now been filled!
Starting with the semifinals,
we'll be seeing
full six‐on‐six battles!
And here's what the
matchups look like!
ANNOUNCER: It's Alain vs. Remo!
And it's Ash vs. Sawyer!
ANNOUNCER:
There is plenty of battle action
coming up tomorrow!
The Kalos League is
really getting heated up!
CLEMONT: Ash,
what are you going to do about
tomorrow's six‐on‐six battle?
SERENA: Yeah.
You've only got five Pokémon.
You've got to
figure something out.
ASH: What time is it?
ASH: Oh no!
SERENA: What's wrong?
BONNIE: Wait up, Ash!
ASH:
He should be coming any minute.
SERENA:
Who are you talking about?
ASH: There they are!
ASH: Hey, Goodra!
PIKACHU: [EXCITED]
GOODRA: [HAPPY]
ASH:
Keanan! Thanks so very much!
This's great!
KEANAN:
It's my greatest pleasure.
DEDENNE: [GREETING]
PIKACHU: [GREETING]
CLEMONT: Goodra. So then
the last Pokémon on your team...
ASH: Right!
My sixth Pokémon
is gonna be Goodra.
GOODRA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH:
Actually, I'd already decided.
Back when we visited Goodra.
ASH: Almost time
for the Kalos League.
GOODRA: [EXCITED]
ASH: If I can make it to the
semifinals, it'll be six‐on‐six.
But right now I
only have five Pokémon.
ASH: I thought maybe
Professor Oak could send me one.
ASH: Instead,
there's someone else
that I
really wanna battle with...
GOODRA: [DISBELIEVING]
ASH: And Goodra, that's you!
Please battle by my
side in the Kalos League!
GOODRA: [DELIGHTED]
ASH: Aw, come on!
You're really too much, Goodra!
GOODRA: [HAPPY]
ASH: There's no one else who
could win against the Pokémon
in the Kalos League
like you can!
You're the best possible team!
ASH: I know we can do it.
We'll beat Sawyer together!
PIKACHU/GRENINJA/TALONFLAME/
HAWLUCHA/NOIVERN: [CHEERING]
NARRATOR:
Ash and his team of six Pokémon,
now including Goodra,
are getting ready
for the semifinals!
His opponent?
Sawyer! The winner?
The answer, along with
lots of heated excitement,
as the journey continues!